README.md, before:

[![Apache Sling](https://sling.apache.org/res/logos/sling.png)](https://sling.apache.org)

&#32;[![Build Status](https://ci-builds.apache.org/job/Sling/job/modules/job/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype/job/master/badge/icon)](https://ci-builds.apache.org/job/Sling/job/modules/job/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype/job/master/)&#32;[![Sonarcloud Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=apache_sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=apache_sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype)&#32;[![JavaDoc](https://www.javadoc.io/badge/org.apache.sling/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype.svg)](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/org.apache.sling/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype)&#32;[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.apache.sling/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype/badge.svg)](https://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22org.apache.sling%22%20a%3A%22sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype%22) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

# Apache Sling Launchpad Standalone Archetype

This module is part of the [Apache Sling](https://sling.apache.org) project.

Maven archetype for Sling Launchpad Standalone applications.

Commit message:

SLING-12521 Deprecated outdated Sling Archetype projects

README.md, after:

[![Apache Sling](https://sling.apache.org/res/logos/sling.png)](https://sling.apache.org)

&#32;[![Build Status](https://ci-builds.apache.org/job/Sling/job/modules/job/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype/job/master/badge/icon)](https://ci-builds.apache.org/job/Sling/job/modules/job/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype/job/master/)&#32;[![Sonarcloud Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=apache_sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=apache_sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype)&#32;[![JavaDoc](https://www.javadoc.io/badge/org.apache.sling/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype.svg)](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/org.apache.sling/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype)&#32;[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.apache.sling/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype/badge.svg)](https://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22org.apache.sling%22%20a%3A%22sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype%22) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)


# Apache Sling Launchpad Standalone Archetype (deprecated)

This module is **obsolete** - look at [Maven Archetypes](https://sling.apache.org/documentation/development/maven-archetypes.html) for alternatives.

For reference or potential bugfix releases use branch [maintenance](https://github.com/apache/sling-launchpad-standalone-archetype/tree/maintenance).
